Warn folks away from metaprogramming (#47469)
JuliaLang/julia: doc/src/manual/metaprogramming.md

capabilities are available to explore the internals of a program and its types just like any other
data.

!!! warning

>     Metaprogramming is a powerful tool, but introduces complexity that makes it more difficult
>     to understand code. It should typically be used only when other approaches such as 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Metaprogramming is a powerful tool, but it introduces complexity that can make code more 
    difficult to understand. It should typically be used only when other approaches such as 
```

>     [higher order faunctions](@ref man-anonymous-functions) cannot be applied.

Reviewer 2: typo on `functions`

Reviewer 3: Also on powerful

Maybe note here also that they can be surprisingly hard to get scope rules correct, and the best macros often implement most of their functionality in runtime helper functions, striving to minimize the size of the code they produce

Reviewer 3: Otherwise, I feel that "introduces complexity" may get read as a subjective judgmental statement, which doesn't help clarify either why it is more complex (the user may still require understanding of what it calls, but cannot as easily see it) or what the alternatives are (usually closures)

Reviewer 3: Also a typo on such

Reviewer 2: I think I fixed all the typos.

capabilities are available to explore the internals of a program and its types just like any other
data.

!!! warning
    Metaprogramming is a powerful tool, but it introduces complexity that can make code more
    difficult to understand. For example, it can be surprisingly hard to get scope rules
    correct. Metaprogramming should typically be used only when other approaches such as
    [higher order functions](@ref man-anonymous-functions) and
    [closures](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Closure_(computer_programming)) cannot be applied.

>     `eval`, `Meta.parse`, and defining new macros should be typically used as a last resort.

Reviewer 4: I am not a big fan of mentioning `eval` and `Meta.parse` in the same breath here. There are definitely valid uses for `eval` in top level code, e.g. systematic method or struct definitions. OTOH, I can't really think of any valid usecases of `Meta.parse` outside of implementing your own REPL or other similar IDE tooling.

>     never a good idea to use `Meta.parse` or convert an arbitrary string into julia code.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
    never a good idea to use `Meta.parse` or convert an arbitrary string into Julia code. For
    manipulating Julia code, use the `Expr` data structure directly to avoid having to     deal with
    all of the complexity of how Julia syntax is parsed manually.
```
